Ahhhh!
Miss, why are you suffering?
I clearly know to admit my mistake to my grandfather
How good it is to go back to the county hospital to wait for delivery
You can have a baby in this king's house
Let my mother deliver the baby for you
I'm not wrong, I'm not wrong
Miss, use more force
The baby's head is exposed
The baby is out.
It's out. It's out.
The eldest lady is still a boy
What do you want?
Xiaoxian'er, give me back my child, give it back to me
Sister, you gave birth to a stillborn child
Why don't I bury it for you?
Impossible my good sister
Just go to hell obediently
From today onwards
There is no one in this world who is as round as a circle anymore
Burned
Miss hurry up
I escaped through the back door, mom
I have a stomachache.
There seems to be another one.
Be careful, Ding Yu
You didn't expect it
I'm not dead. I'm back.
This time I want to take back everything that belongs to me
Mom, can you find my brother?
Sure you can
Mom, I found my brother.
Brother, Mommy and I finally found you.